444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.



	    Digital computing technology has changed human civilization entirely since the day it’s invented. 
	For nearly 2000 years, we used with pens and paper to record documents and all sorts of information. 
	The world was operating just fine, we are still breathing and our hearts beating every morning when we wake up. 
	However, things changed almost instantly. Everybody started to use computer to store information; most of the 
	transactions are made (or can be made) online; we can access to any information online. Indeed, computers are 
	faster, smaller, and more powerful than any other conventional ways of storing and sharing information. With that 
	unbeatable advantage, trade of all kinds are made more efficient, and we it only took a few decades to bring our economy 
	to a place we could not achieve in the past 1900 years. Yet this trend is still growing. There are still many developing 
	countries in the world, and they all have one thing in common ——  not actively trading with other countries. An isolated
	country will never be developing very well. They are improving this by implementing more advanced technologies, of course 
	including the digital computing technology. When it comes the day that every country in the world are trading with each 
	other actively, our economy would have a even better look than now. 
	      We cannot live a life like this without the invention of digital computing technology. There is no need to elaborate 
	on that. However, every coin has its other side. Countries around the world are connected more than ever before, and so 
	do all the individuals. Especially with the help of social media, news can spread to almost every corner of the world, 
	but the power of computational technology is way beyond solely dealing with information. For instance, it is normal for
	us to see a bunch of friends staring at their cell phones while they are waiting for the food in a restaurant. When the 
	food came, cameras will be the first one to ‘eat’. Even if we just pull back the time to ten years ago, things are 
	totally different what it is now. Taking pictures of everything we eat was unthinkable, but now most people are doing 
	so, and we are not aware of it. In the past, we only talk about trivial matters to our diaries(or close friends), 
	but social medias offered us a better place. People can not only find a place to pour out their thoughts grievances, but
	also find audiences. We are never lonely on those social platforms, and we care less about our surroundings. Social
	medias dug out the fear of loneliness inside us, and completely changed our way of living. Yet we are not able to tell 
	what other effects would this cyber-world have on the human race, for it has only existed for less than one century. 
	      Despite the ambiguous future of computational technology, we cannot deny its great contributions to the world economy. 
	Though we still need to watch out for the  possible danger behind it.



